Author: Brenda Ebba
File name: Notes2.txt
Represents: Notes for testing for part 2 of the project




Testing for Part 2 of the project consisted of entering different commands, and making sure they functioned correctly.

Test 1: Basic commands(test1.txt):
	
	Tested create, cat, ls, rm, and exit. Created a file, printed its contents, listed the directory, and removed the file to make sure the basic commands worked.

	Ex: 

	create hello.txt
	Hello World~
	ls
	cat hello.txt
	rm hello.txt
	ls

	



Test 2: mkdir, cd, pwd (test2.txt):
	
	Tested mkdir, cd, pwd, cd .., and cd /. Created directories, navigated into them, printed the current path, adn navigated back to make sure directory navigation worked.

	Ex: 

	mkdir users
	cd users
	pwd 
	cd ..
	pwd
	cd /
	pwd



Test 3: du recursive (test3.txt):
	
	Tested du by createing files in multiple subdirectories. Makde sure du was adding up the file sizes recursively through all subdirectories and not just the current one.

	Ex:

	mkdir folder1
	cd folder1
	create file1.txt
	hello~
	cd ..
	du


Test 4: find (test4.txt):
	
	Tested find by creating filed whith the same name in different directories. Made sure find was only printing the path of the file in teh curren tdirectory and its children, not from the root.

	Ex:

	mkdir CS112
	cd CS112
	create grades.txt
	some content~
	cd /
	mkdir CS221
	cd CS221
	create grades.txt
	other content~
	cd CS112
	find grades.txt


Test 5: Error checking (test5.txt):
	
	Tested all error messages by running ocmmands with missing arguments, duplicate names, invalid directory names, and unknown commands to make sure all errors were handled correctly.

	Ex: 

	mkdir programs
	cd programs
	mkdir Java
	cd /programs/Java
	pwd


Test 6: 
	
	Tested cd with full path and .. in teh middle of a path to make sure cd could handle more complex pathways. 

Personal Testing:
	
	For personal testing I also spoke to Sara (TA) and modified ceratin aspects that she guided me with. Helped me with my structure and remaking methods in the main so that my program wasn't too long, which really helped with reading.

How my program did for testing:
	
	Honestly the issues I went through with testing was, pathways, closing curly brackets, loops, and cd.., and having the correct recursive calls. These were my biggest issues for testing and looking through and analyzing my code to fix. Other than that testing was very straigh forward and worked. Overall this project took me each day to finish since we first got it, but its a very useful project that I most definelty will be using to help with my outline for summer projects. 


